Add a bearer definition (#26)
boucadair/attachment-circuit-model: draft-boro-opsawg-teas-attachment-circuit.md

This document uses the following terms:

> Bearer:

Reviewer: "bearer" is a actually a key definition. We should double-focus on this one imho. We might have a call together just for this part.

A few comments meanwhile:
- I would use a different word than attachment (since we use attachment circuit): maybe connection to a customer site.
- you say "(they cover layer 1 and Layer 2)". I think the "and", is confusing since people may think L2 config (e.G. a vlan) is mandated.  This is more a "or", but we should actually phrase differently.
- add example (i.e. identifier of phyiscial connection)

: A physical or logical link that connects a customer node (or site) to a provider network. A bearer can be a wireless or wired link. One or multiple technologies can be used to build a bearer. The bearer type can be specified by a customer.

> : A bearer reference to uniquely identify a bearer within a provider network is generated by the operator (e.g., customer line identifier). Such a reference can be retrieved by a customer and used in subsequent service placement requests to unambiguously identify where a service is to be bound.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The operator allocates a unique bearer reference to identify a bearer within its network (e.g., customer line identifier). Such a reference can be retrieved by a customer and used in subsequent service placement requests to unambiguously identify where a service is to be bound.
```
